she was young and beautiful. but now she is battered and dead. she is not the first and she will not be the last. i lay awake nights thinking about my next victim. maybe she will be the beautiful blond that babysits near the little store and walks down the dark alley each evening about seven. or maybe she will be the shapely blue eyed brownett that said no when i asked her for a date in high school. but maybe it will not be either. but i shall cut off her female parts and deposit them for the whole city to see. so don't make it to easy for me. keep your sisters, daughters, and wives off the streets and alleys. miss bates was stupid. she went to the slaughter like a lamb. she did not put up a struggle. but i did. it was a ball. i first pulled the middle wire from the distributor. then i waited for her in the library and followed her out after about two minuts. the battery must have been about dead by then. i then offered to help. she was then very willing to talk to me. i told her that my car was down the street and that i would give her a lift home. when we were away from the library walking, i said it was about time. she asked me "about time for what". i said it was about time for her to die. i grabbed her around the neck with my hand over her mouth and my other hand with a small knife at her throat. she went very willingly. her breast felt very warm and firm under my hands, but only one thing was on my mind. making her pay for the brush offs that she had given me during the years prior. she died hard. she squirmed and shook as i choaked her, and her lips twiched. she let out a scream once and i kicked her head to shut her up. i plunged the knife into her and it broke. i then finished the job by cutting her throat. i am not sick. i am insane. but that will not stop the game. this letter should be published for all to read it. it just might save that girl in the alley. but that's up to you. it will be on your conscience. not mine. yes, i did make that call to you also. it was just a warning. beware...i am stalking your girls now.