this is the zodiac speaking

up to the end of oct i have killed 7 people. i have grown rather angry with the police for their telling lies about me. so i shall change the way the collecting of slaves. i shall no longer announce to anyone. when i comitt my murders, they shall look like routine robberies, killings of anger, & a few fake accidents, etc.

the police shall never catch me, because i have been too clever for them.

i look like the description passed out only when i do my thing, the rest of the time i look entirle different. i shall not tell you what my descise consists of when i kill
as of yet i have left no fingerprints behind me contrary to what the police say in my killings i wear transparent finger tip guards. all it is is 2 coats of airplane cement coated on my finger tips—quite unnoticible & very efective
my killing tools have been boughten through the mail order outfits before the ban went into efect. except one & it was bought out of the state.
so as you can see the police don't have much to work on. if you wonder why i was wipeing the cab down i was leaving fake clews for the police to run all over town with, as one might say, i gave the cops som bussy work to do to keep them happy. i enjoy needling the blue pigs. hey blue pig i was in the park—you were useing fire trucks to mask the sound of your cruzeing prowl cars. the dogs never came with in 2 blocks of me & they were to the west & there was only 2 groups of parking about 10 min apart then the motor cicles went by about 150 ft away going from south to north west.

must print in paper ps. 2 cops pulled a goof abot 3 min after i left the cab. i was walking down the hill to the park when this cop car pulled up & one of them called me over & asked if i saw anyone acting suspicious or strange in the last 5 to 10 min & i said yes there was this man who was runnig by waveing a gun & the cops peeled rubber & went around the corner as i directed them & i disappeared into the park a block & a half away never to be seen again.

hey pig doesnt it rile you up to have your noze rubed in your booboos?

if you cops think i'm going to take on a bus the way i stated i was, you deserve to have holes in your heads.

take one bag of ammonium nitrate fertilizer & 1 gal of stove oil & dump a few bags of gravel on top & then set the shit off & will positivily ventalate any thing that should be in the way of the blast.

the death machine is all ready made. i would have sent you pictures but you would be nasty enough to trace them back to developer & then to me, so i shall describe my masterpiece to you. the nice part of it is all the parts can be bought on the open market with no questions asked.

1 bat. pow clock—will run for aprox 1 year
1 photoelectric switch
2 copper leaf springs
2 6v car bat
1 flash light bulb & reflector
1 mirror
2 18" cardboard tubes black with shoe polish in side & oute

the system checks out from one end to the other in my tests. what you do not know is whether the death machine is at the sight or whether it is being stored in my basement for future use. i think you do not have the manpower to stop this one by continually searching the road sides looking for this thing. & it wont do to re roat & re schedule the busses because the bomb can be adapted to new conditions.

have fun!! by the way it could be rather messy if you try to bluff me.