this is the zodiac speaking

being that you will not wear some nice zodiac killer symbol.svg buttons, how about wearing some nasty zodiac-logo.jpg buttons. or any type of zodiac-logo.jpg buttons that you can think up. if you do not wear any type of zodiac-logo.jpg buttons, i shall (on top of everything else) torture all 13 of my slaves that i have wateing for me in paradice. some i shall tie over ant hills and watch them scream & twich and sqwirm. others shall have pine splinters driven under their nails & then burned. others shall be placed in cages & fed salt beef untill they are gorged then i shall listen to their pleass for water and i shall laugh at them. others will hang by their thumbs & burn in the sun then i will rub them down with deep heat to warm them up. others i shall skin them alive & let them run around screaming. and all billiard players i shall have them play in a darkened dungen cell with crooked cues & twisted shoes. yes i shall have great fun inflicting the most delicious of pain to my slaves


sfpd=0

as some day it may hapen that a victom must be found. i've got a little list. i've got a little list, of society offenders who might well be underground who would never be missed who would never be missed. there is the pestulentual nucences who whrite for autographs, all people who have flabby hands and irritating laughs. all children who are up in dates and implore you with im platt. all people who are shakeing hands shake hands like that. and all third persons who with unspoiling take thoes who insist. they'd none of them be missed. they'd none of them be missed. there's the banjo seranader and the others of his race and the piano orginast i got him on the list. all people who eat pepermint and phomphit in your face, they would never be missed they would never be missed and the idiout who phraises with inthusastic tone of centuries but this and every country but his own. and the lady from the provences who dress like a guy who doesn't cry and the singurly abnormily the girl who never kissed. i don't think she would be missed im shure she wouldn't be missed. and that nice impriest that is rather rife the judicial hummerest i've got him on the list all funny fellows, commic men and clowns of private life. they'd none of them be missed. they'd none of them be missed. and uncompromiseing kind such as wachmacallit, thingmebob, and like wise, well—nevermind, and tut tut tut tut, and whatshisname, and you know who, but the task of filling up the blanks i rather leave up to you. but it really doesn't matter whom you place upon the list, for none of them be missed, none of them be missed.